doc: update Rust agent doc (#5766)
dfinity/portal: docs/building-apps/interact-with-canisters/agents/rust-agent.mdx

use anyhow::Result;
use ic_agent::Agent;

pub async fn create_agent(url: &str, use_mainnet: bool) -> Result<Agent> {
    let agent = Agent::builder().with_url(url).build()?;
    if !use_mainnet {
        agent.fetch_root_key().await?;
    }
    Ok(agent)
}

#[tokio::main]
async fn main() -> Result<()> {
    // URL of the IC HTTP Gateway
    let url = "https://ic0.app";
    // alternatively, specify URL of some API boundary node
    // NOTE: you need to discover correct domain names first
    // let url = "https://<api-boundary-node-domain>";

    let agent = create_agent(url, true).await?;

    // Example of how you'd use the agent:
    // let response = agent.query(canister_id, method_name).await?;

    Ok(())
}
```

This instantiates the agent with static routing, which dispatches all requests to a single endpoint (in this case `ic0.app`).

### Static vs dynamic routing

> By default, the agent uses static routing, sending all API calls to a single, fixed URL. This URL can either point to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the Rust agent uses static routing, sending all API calls to a single, fixed URL. This URL can either point to:
```

> - A specific API boundary node (which may be unreliable due to maintenance etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A specific API boundary node, which may be unreliable due to maintenance, etc.
```

> - A fleet of HTTP gateways that proxies the calls to the API boundary nodes (though HTTP gateways are not decentralized)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A fleet of HTTP gateways that proxies the calls to the API boundary nodes, although HTTP gateways are not decentralized.
```

> To improve reliability and decentralization, the agent also supports dynamically routing API calls directly to globally distributed API boundary nodes. In particular, the agent is capable of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To improve reliability and decentralization, the agent also supports dynamically routing API calls directly to globally distributed API boundary nodes. In particular, the Rust agent is capable of:
```

- Automatically discovering and monitoring the list of all API boundary nodes.
- Filtering out unhealthy nodes.
- Dynamically routing API calls across healthy nodes using different built-in strategies (e.g., round-robin and latency-based routing).

> Dynamic routing improves decentralization (by directly routing API calls to the decentralized API boundary nodes), resilience and performance (by dynamically adapting to the current state of the network).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dynamic routing improves decentralization by directly routing API calls to the decentralized API boundary nodes, and enhances resilience and performance by dynamically adapting to the current state of the network.
```

On top of the built-in strategies, the agent allows developers to implement their custom routing strategies tailored to their specific use cases.

### Using dynamic routing

> In the following, we show how you can instantiate an agent with the default dynamic routing using `ic0.app` as seed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates how to instantiate an agent with the default dynamic routing using `ic0.app` as the seed:
```

        // optionally add existing API boundary nodes as seeds
        // Node::new("https://<api-boundary-node-domain>").unwrap(),
    ];

    let client = Client::builder()
        .build()
        .expect("failed to build HTTP client");

    let route_provider: DynamicRouteProvider<LatencyRoutingSnapshot> =
        DynamicRouteProviderBuilder::new(routing_strategy, seed_nodes, Arc::new(client))
            // Set how often to fetch the latest API boundary node topology
            .with_fetch_period(Duration::from_secs(10))
            // Set how often to perform health checks on the API boundary nodes
            .with_check_period(Duration::from_secs(2))
            // Or optionally provide a custom node health checker implementation
            // .with_checker(custom_checker)
            // Or optionally provide a custom topology fetcher implementation
            // .with_fetcher(custom_fetcher)
            .build()
            .await;

    let agent = Agent::builder()
        .with_arc_route_provider(Arc::new(route_provider))
        .build()
        .expect("failed to build ic-agent");

    // ... use the agent for making API calls
}
```

> NOTE: To make use of custom dynamic routing, you must enable the currently internal feature by using:
> 
> ```
> cargo run --features _internal_dynamic-routing
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:::info

To make use of custom dynamic routing, you must enable the currently internal feature by using:

```
cargo run --features _internal_dynamic-routing
```

:::
```

Reviewer: `:::note` is fine. The difference is just the color and symbol of the admonition box: https://docusaurus.io/docs/next/markdown-features/admonitions

Author: i hope the inner section will work, how can i preview it?

> ##### How Dynamic Routing Works

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### How dynamic routing works
```

At the core of dynamic routing in the agent is the `RouteProvider trait`, which dynamically selects a routing URL for each request by invoking its `route()` method:

```rust
pub trait RouteProvider {
    /// Generates the next routing URL based on the internal routing logic
    fn route(&self) -> Result<Url, AgentError>;
    /// Generates up to `n` different routing URLs in order of priority.
    fn n_ordered_routes(&self, n: usize) -> Result<Vec<Url>, AgentError>;
    ...
}
```

In the example above, we instantiate a `DynamicRouteProvider`, an implementation of `RouteProvider`, and inject it into the agent to handle dynamic request routing. 
The `DynamicRouteProvider` itself is generic and extensible, allowing you to define custom routing strategies. 

> Two built-in strategies are available:
> - Round-robin - distributes requests evenly across all healthy nodes
> - Latency-based weighted round-robin - prioritizes healthy nodes with the lowest observed latency
> In our example, we used the latency-based strategy to prioritize faster nodes, limiting the selection to the top three.
> 
> Under the hood, `DynamicRouteProvider` builds and maintains a dynamic routing table, which is continuously updated by running two background services:
> - Discovery service - periodically fetches the latest API boundary node topology
> - Health check service - periodically checks nodes health by pinging it
> This design enables the agent to adapt to changes in node availability and network topology, resulting in a resilient and performant routing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under the hood, `DynamicRouteProvider` builds and maintains a dynamic routing table, which is continuously updated by running two background services:

1. A discovery service that periodically fetches the latest API boundary node topology.

2. A health check service that periodically checks nodes health by pinging it.

This design enables the agent to adapt to changes in node availability and network topology, resulting in a resilient and performant routing.

Two built-in strategies are available:

1. Round-robin, which distributes requests evenly across all healthy nodes.

2. Latency-based weighted round-robin, which prioritizes healthy nodes with the lowest observed latency

The previous example uses the latency-based strategy to prioritize faster nodes, limiting the selection to the top three.
```

> For more detailed information take a look at the [documentation]("https://TODO").

Reviewer 2: Just putting it here, so we don't forget to fix the link.

Author: I think publishing the documentation in `ic-agent` will take some days. How about i remove the link for now?

Reviewer 2: That's also good.
